Which of the following is a component of a "Computer System"? Personnel;Network;Input;Power\n
Which of the following is not a mechanical keyboard switch manufacturing and design company? Microsoft;Drop;Apple;Gateron\n
What is the expanded form of the acronym "iRFID"? Integrated Radio Frequency Identification;Internal Radio Frequency Identifing Device;Intelligent Read Frequency Identification;Infrared Identification\n
An example of a peripheral device is? eSATA drive;RAM;CPU;M.2 drive\n
What is Packaged Software? General software that is readily available;Software that is custom designed;Software that comes in a box;Multiple software combined together\n
What is a Software Package? Multiple software combined together;Software that is custom designed;Software that comes in a box;General software that is readily available\n
Which of the following is a low level language? G-code;Python;Liberty Basic;Declarative\n
What is the key benefit of high level language? It allows programmers to focus on solving problems and not the fine details of the language itself;It allows people to learn a language;To develop a software easily;To allow programmers to select different languages depending on their skills.\n
What is an example of a compiler? Source code is translated to binary machine code, sent to consumer, decodes, runs the program;Source code is sent to consumer, consumer decodes source code and runs the program;Machine code is sent to consumer, reads, runs the program;Source code is sent to consumer, reads, runs the program\n
The main job of a OS is? Manage the hardware & software resources of the computer system;Run software;Boot the computer system up;Run the CPU, RAM, GPU\n
The Fetch Execute Cycle is related to? CPU;GPU;Computer system;Motherboard\n
The Fetch Execute Cycle is broken into 2 sections, these are? I and E-time;I and F-time;F and E-time;F and P-time\n
How many bits per pixel is assigned for colour in a VGA signal? 8;16;4;2\n
Which of the following is not the name of a corona wire in a laser printer? Ionising;Detac;Transfer;Charge\n
Which of the following is a form of data storage that has been developed past the feasibility test stage? Rope coil memory;metal-sulfate semiconductor memory;In vivo CRISPR CAS9 molecular recorders;high volume, long term blockchain data storage.\n
Which of the following is the shape of the tracks on a CD-ROM? spirals;parabolas;random;circles\n
How many bits are encoded onto a CD-ROM? 14;16;8;4\n
Approximately how many transistors are in a Pentium 4 processor? 42 Million;45 Million;32 Million; 35 Million\n
Which of the following is not a implementation of von Neumann architecture? IISC;CISC;RISC;OISC/URISC\n
Which of the following is not an example of a hazard in the instruction pipeline in CPU microarchitecture? Pipeline stall;data dependency;false sharing;race conditions\n
Which of the following is not an example of a hardware accelerator microprocessor? ASIC;Tensor processing unit (TPU);Cryptoprocessor;NE555;\n
Which of the following is not a valid category of processor based on the number or type of cores? Asymmetric;Single-core;Multi-core;Heterogeneous\n
Which of the following is not a form of a SoC architecture? ISoC;MPSoC;PSoC;NoC\n
Which of the following is not a component of a CPU? TEB;FPU;ALU;MMU\n
Which of the following is the MOSFET scaling that is scheduled to be successfully demonstrated in 2020? 5nm;7nm;3nm;1nm\n
Which of the following is not a form of metal oxide semiconductor? GMOS;CMOS;PMOS;NMOS\n
Where was the first metal oxide silicon field effect transistors fabricated? Bell Labs;Knolls Atomic Power Laboratory;Fairchild Semiconductor;RCA\n
Which of the following is not a form of logic within a CPU? Constructive;Glue;Combinational;Sequential\n
Why are FPGAs used? FPGAs can be reprogrammed to accomplish various tasks faster than a RISC module but slower than a dedicated ASIC circuit;FPGAs have permanent circuits drawn into the silicon to accomplish the required task, whereas ASICs work via connecting modules and thus its use cases are narrower;In comparison to ASICs, CPUs and FPGA modules can have a much lower execution time due to their optimised hardware configuration;FPGAs are significantly more energy efficient than ASICs for the same compute power.\n
What was the clock speed of the first intel microprocessor? 740kHz;74kHz;7.4MHz;74MHz\n
Which of the following is a repetition control structure? DO WHILE;IF-THEN;CASE;SWITCH\n
Which of the following is an example of a visual algorithm description? flowcharts;Structured English;Pseudocode;Code\n
Which of the following may cause "Spaghetti code"? GOTO;Pre-test loops;Post-test loops;Fixed loops\n
Which of the following is not used as a symbol in flowcharts? Pentagon;Rectangle;Round-Rect;Diamond\n
Which of the following is not a logic operator? ~=;!=;==;<=\n
Which of the following is not a valid example of a boolean operation? x~~y;x&&y;x||y;!x\n
The term "pixel" is an abbreviation of? Picture element;Picture resolution;Photo element;Pattern element\n
The theory that processing power would double every 18 months is called? Moore's law;Murphy's Law;Gates'Law;Jobs' law\n
The rate that the fetch-execute cycle occurs is governed by which component or entity? System clock;ALU;Accumulator;UNIX Time\n
How many cores are there in a i5 CPU? 5;2;4;3\n
