Which of the following is not a valid price for a Liberty Basic installation tier?
$19.95
$29.95
$49.95
$00.00

Where can copies of Silver and Gold Liberty Basic licenses not be purchased?
Email
Website
Postal Mail
Phone

Who is Shoptalk Systems?
Shoptalk Systems is the publisher of Liberty Basic and Run Basic.
Shoptalk Systems is a manufacturer of PA systems that are designed to be installed and used in the retail sector.
Shoptalk Systems is an audio equipment manufacturer.
Shoptalk Systems is an outsourced customer service centre.

Where is Shoptalk Systems located?
Framingham, MA 01701, United States of America
Hereford, United Kingdom
London, Ontario, Canada
Ny-London, Svalbard, Norway

Which of the following computer systems is below the minimum requirements to run Liberty Basic?
Intel Pentium III, GeForce 4 MX 4000, 512MB Ram, Windows Vista.
i9-10900K 5.30GHz Base Clock, RTX2080Ti, 32GB 3200MHz DDR4, 1TB NVMe SSD, Windows 10.
i7-6500, 8GB 3200MHz DDR4, 1TB NVMe SSD, Windows 10.
i7-6500U, 8GB DDR3 SODIMM, 222Gb SATA SSD, Windows 10.

Can Liberty Basic be used on Raspberry Pi?
No, but Liberty Basic version 5.0 is currently in development would work with Windows 10, MacOS, Linux and Raspberry Pi.
Yes, but only version 4.4
Yes, but only version 4.5
Yes

What type of software can be made with Liberty Basic?
TKNs
Python program
Pascal
C

Can liberty Basic be used to create a web application?
No, but Run Basic can.
Yes, v4.4 only
Yes, v4.5 only
Yes

Where can I learn Liberty Basic?
EBHS
Eastwood Library has textbooks.
Nowhere
Ny-London, Svalbard, Norway

How does Liberty Basic compare with Visual Basic?
Liberty Basic should not be purchased.
Visual basic is worse.
No comment.
Lego Mindstorms is better.

Which of the following is the key difference between Liberty Basic and QBasic?
Liberty Basic has GUI support.
QBasic is more expensive.
Liberty Basic is more versatile with command line output.
QBasic is open source.

Does Liberty Basic have rates for K-12 educational institutions?
Yes, undisclosed discounted price.
Yes, free Gold license.
Yes, university level education only
No.

Does Liberty Basic have a machine language compiler?
No, Liberty Basic compiles to a intermediary language and is then processed by a runtime engine that then runs the code.
No, Liberty Basic requires an external program to compile and execute code.
Yes, Silver and God licenses only.
Yes, Gold license only.

Can Liberty Basic programs be distributed without the source code?
Yes, via .TKN files that can be generated with Liberty Basic Silver or Gold.
Yes, via the compiler and runtime engine.
No, third party programs are needed.
No

Can standalone programs be generated by Liberty Basic?
Yes, with Liberty Basic Silver or Gold only.
Yes, via the compiler and runtime engine.
No, third party programs are needed.
No

Does Liberty Basic come with a visual GUI builder?
Yes, Freeform.
Yes, Freeform but is available with Liberty Basic Silver or Gold
No, third party programs only.
No

Can internet apps be created with Liberty Basic?
Yes, with "TCP4W.DLL" or "FTP4W.DLL".
Yes, with "TCP4W.DLL" only.
No, but third party extensions can.
No.

Can Liberty Basic use Active-X or COM?
No.
No, but third party extensions can.
Yes, with Liberty Basic Silver or Gold only.
Yes.

Which of the following is the paid support email address for Liberty Basic?
support@libertybasic.com
paidsupport@libertybasic.com
silversupport@libertybasic.com
goldsupport@libertybasic.com

Which of the following is the offical yahoo Liberty Basic forum?
groups.yahoo.com/group/libertybasic
groups.yahoo.com/group/libertybasicforum
groups.yahoo.com/group/libertybasichelp
groups.yahoo.com/group/libertybasicgroup
